well people trying to use soap to kill
bacteria every day well do you want me
to tell you the most ironic thing that
many of the soaps don't have anything in
them that actually kills bacteria if you
read the ingredients of the soap very
often and I'm really thankful for that
there some soaps have just three
ingredients a vegetable glycerine that
doesn't kill bacteria bee wax doesn't
kill bacteria and our aromatic part
something romantic some essential oils
don't kill bacteria so but they make
water bubbles
well I think that's something that saves
our skin and ability to protect does it
make sense when you come in into the
restaurant with your children and the
waitress in front of you is spraying
Windex on the table so you and then let
it air dry do you appreciate that that
he is hoping to get more tips from you
she's so making it clean clearly now
understanding today means lots of
chemicals I don't like it
once I had a chance to watch how they
wash popcorns
in in a movie theater and in that movie
theater they didn't even take popcorn
leftovers from it they just moved it
with a piece of plastic to one side
sprayed it with toilet cleaner and then
wiped it with lots of paper towels to
make it sparkling clean then moved it
back and did the same on the second half
that's modern civilized society no
bacteria every bottle of Lysol says
there instantly kills 99.9% bacteria is
this the enemy we need to really rethink
that the enemy is chemicals chemicals
will destroy us for sure it will destroy
our children and our unborn children but
bacteria will stay we will die but
bacteria will survive God created it's
so powerful and so able to mutate that
it will continue and so I really like
bacteria I think bacteria is not its
fault
it's we created this artificial favored
fear does it make sense oh I know
know that it's theoretical and I don't
expect it to overnight stop using soap
first you maybe need to go in raw food
and kind of get you intestines cleaner
your inside corner and then maybe you
will feel more safe but you could do
some steps at least you could begin to
use more biodegradable soaps in your
household okay